linking CLI readme in main readme (#126)
arethetypeswrong/arethetypeswrong.github.io: README.md

* [🚭 Unexpected module syntax](./docs/problems/UnexpectedModuleSyntax.md)
* [🥴 Internal resolution error](./docs/problems/InternalResolutionError.md)

## CLI

> You can use this project from CLI. Check out the [CLI readme](packages/cli/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check packages on disk with [`@arethetypeswrong/cli`](https://npmjs.com/@arethetypeswrong/cli). See [its README](./packages/cli/README.md) for usage.
```
